you see it's getting a bit dark maybe
going with lights steering through
obstacles so this is going to be
simulating the same conditions you'll
see in deep water this will be Mike's
first glimpse of what life in the nude
suit could be like for scientists
working at depth
ready for power
the Ihram is a 50-meter Japanese
merchant ship sunk during World War 2 by
American bombers the challenge for Mike
is to delicately maneuver a newt suit
around this wreck
in the dark flying the nude suit as much
more difficult as mike has to be careful
not to get his umbilical cord besides of
my feet both legs are involved in using
the thrusters so far I haven't crashed
into the wreck so that's got to be good
and it's hard holding positions but it's
fun trying it's like the ultimate video
game